What is the 1994 rate of juvenile delinquency in the U.S.? 
Good research question but will be troublesome. different states have different laws and regulations on how to classify delinquents so reconciling those differences will be one challenge. Bad research question in that it's hardly a rate if it's using only one year as a sample. it really gives no information outside putting a number on it.

What can we do to reduce juvenile delinquency in the U.S.? 
Good research question if different programs with similar trial times are compared to pick the optimal choice. Bad research question in that different programs may work for cultural or community reasons that will not be captured numerically. Bad research question because it asks for behaviors or actions which numbers can't necessarily quantify.


Does education play a role in reducing juvenile delinquents' return to crime?
Good research question because you have two clear groups you wish to compare and there is one variable of interest that we can measure numerically, time spent in education. 

How many customers does AT&T currently serve in Washington, DC? Good research question. I assume AT&T won't reveal the exact number so you'd have to do a market analysis of the companies, examine consumer trends to guess the range of their customer base in D.C.



What factors lead consumers to choose AT&T over other service providers? too broad. but if the factors are narrowed down and perhaps a comparison of the packages AT&T offers versus their competitors would be better. we could comapre customer retention rates, pricing, turnover rates and see what packages perform better. 

How can AT&T attract more customers? too broad. companies can can do many things. advertising, sales, hosting events, not a really mathematically inclined question

Why did the Challenger Shuttle explode? The answer is already known but it's also not a good reasearch question. It's really trying to find a mistake in a complicated procedure of a space shuttle launch.

Which genes are associated with increased risk of breast cancer? Good research question. We can answer the question with probabilities of how often we see breast cancer with a genetic profile and then compare genetic profiles to see how often certain genes pop up by themselves or in groups.

Is it better to read to children at night or in the morning?
Bad research question but it could use some narrowing. Defining what better is and making sure it's quantifiable would be a good start. 


How does Google’s search algorithm work?
Bad research question. you can google the answer.

